Listen, we're in a series, this is week seven, and the title of the series we title out of nowhere.
The title of this message in this series is grace behind the walls.
There is something that people believe, and I've heard it forever, that in us sometimes there's an assumption
God only works through the obvious people, like they look like God could use them.
They have that appearance.
But how many I know appearances are deceptive?
We assume He works through the clean people, so to speak, the religious people, the people with the right story, the right background, the people who look like they belong.
We assume that if God is going to build His people, His church, He will choose people who already look qualified.
But one of the great surprises in the Bible is this truth.
God's salvation has always been and always will be wider than we think.
He saves outsiders.
He brings in the unlikely.
He reaches into places nobody ever expected him to go.
And he builds his family, his church through grace.
Grace is unmerited favor.
Grace is something we can't earn or deserve.
We are saved by grace lest any man should boast.
We can't boast because you can't get good enough, clean enough, whatever, healthy enough, if you would spiritually, to come to Christ.
You just gotta come.
And that's what grace does.
It's a gift we must receive.
And there may be no clear example of this story than Rahab.
Because Rahab is not just someone God helped,
Rahab is someone God included.
Out of nowhere, grace showed up behind enemy walls.
So here's what's happening.
Israel has finally crossed the Jordan River.
After centuries of slavery, after the wilderness experience, after all the waiting, they are standing at the edge of promise.
But the first thing they see is not opportunity, it is opposition.
It's called Jericho.
God said, go into the promised land.
The first city you come to Jericho is mine.
Don't take anything from it.
When Aiken stole some money, some gold and silver from Jericho, the Israelites went up to AI, which is just an outpost.
They should have been able to destroy it within moments or minutes.
And they came back and some of their dads and sons were killed.
And Joshua goes and says, God, what is going on here?
And God said, someone stole.
God always has the first fruit.
In the Bible, he had the tree of the knowledge of good and evil.
There was two trees in the garden, one you could eat of, the tree of life, but the other one you're not supposed to eat of.
That was his tree.
When they go in the promised land, the first city was his.
There's a principle throughout the scriptures, and they can stole that money.
Joshua brought him and his family, he admitted he stole it, and he put them all to death.
Why?
Because there was men and women who died because of their sin.
There are people that won't go to heaven.
because of maybe something we don't do.
But God reaches down and picks up people, the most unlikely.
So they look at Jericho.
Jericho was not just another city.
Jericho was fortified.
You got to understand this.
Jericho had massive walls.
Jericho was very intimidating to whomever came against it.
It was the kind of situation that makes you wonder how in the world is God gonna
Do this.
Help me up.
I felt that way in your life.
Like how in the world God going to fix this?
How am I going to get out of this?
How is this going to work out?
So Joshua sends two spies.
Joshua, two, one.
Then Joshua secretly sent out two spies from the Israelite camp.
And I don't know how to say it, it's to a Kekea grove.
He instructed him, scout out the land on the other side of the Jordan, especially around Jericho.
So the two men set out and came to the house of a prostitute.
Everybody say prostitute.
of a prostitute named Rahab and stayed there the night, that night.
That is not what anybody expected.
The first place God's story goes inside the promised land is not a palace, it's not a government building, it's not a church, it is the home of a prostitute.
God was already showing us something.
God's grace does not follow our categories.
God goes where religion refuses to go.
Let me tell you something about religion.
People tell you my time, you're a religious guy.
No, I'm not.
Religion is very legalistic.
It's very harsh.
It's all about, you know, you got to follow this, roll this one.
If you mess up, something's wrong with you.
But we all mess up.
Help me in here if messed up.
Yeah, if you didn't raise your hand, you're messing up now, right there, you know.
But we all mess up.
And so I'm not religious.
I have a, I believe a relationship with God and
Sometimes I do good, and sometimes I don't.
How many can relate to that?
Sometimes I say the right things, and sometimes I don't say the right things.
Come on.
And so we realize that religion is just harsh, rugged, and it's systematic.
It's never no meaning to it.
This is what we do every day.
This is what we do every soon.
This is what we do.
But a lifestyle with God is much different.
It's like when we take communion in our church, we do it once a month on a Wednesday night.
You say, why?
Why don't you do it every service?
It becomes a religious act.
We want to do it with some meaning behind it.
What's the meaning?
According to the Scriptures, you do this in remembrance of what Jesus actually did for us.
His body was broken, his blood was shed, so we could have healing, and so we could have forgiveness of sin.
And so oftentimes when it becomes religious, you just do it at a religious experience, a religious act, and you miss the whole meaning of why we do what we do.
So God goes to the home of a prostitute.
God goes where religion refuses to go.
God reaches people others would never choose.
God sees potential where others only see problems.
Rahab was everything Israel would have dismissed.
She was a Canaanite.
She was an outsider.
She was a woman.
She was a prostitute.
She lived inside the enemy city.
If you were writing this story, you and I would probably never choose her, but God did, because God has always been in the business of saving the unlikely.
And some of us may be that, I know I was one.
Let me talk about religion one more time.
I was a young man, he was walking by a church.
He was a street person, smelled, hungry.
And for somebody who decides, I think I need to go in the church, and he walks into the church,
This man greets him and says, why are you here?
And he said, I just want to come to church.
I just need to listen.
I don't know.
And then the guy began to talk to other people and the kid sat down.
And a little bit later, these folks came to him and said, hey, you don't fit here.
You need to leave.
So he walks out the church, goes outside, sits on the steps.
When he's sitting on the steps, he's crying.
He's like, God, all I want to do is go in.
All I wanted to do was some help.
And then he looked over and Jesus is sitting next to him.
And then he said, they wouldn't let me in.
And Jesus was sitting next to him.
He looked at him and Jesus said, they don't let me in either.
Because you don't let Jesus in unless you're willing to reach people where they're at.
And there's too many churches in America and in this city that are religious.
They're all about the who's who.
This is where they go.
This is what they do.
But legacy is about reaching people no matter where you come from.
But that's the church of the Lord Jesus.
And that's why this story I like.
I told my assistant in the back, Maria, I said, before the first service, I said, I like this message.
You know, I preach a lot of messages, but some of you just resonate with, I guess.
Maybe you like more than others.
But grace saves people others right off.
So let me say this, and I want you to hear this clearly today.
God is still in the business of saving the unlikely.
Some of you sitting here today know exactly what that feels like.
You know your past, you know your mistakes, you know your failures, you know the things nobody else knows about you.
And the enemy has whispered to you that you do not belong.
But Rahab's story is proof that grace, God's unmerited favor, goes where nobody expects it to go.
Grace finds people, others overlook.
Grace reaches people's other reject.
Grace saves people others right off.
Rahab did something that changed everything.
What did she do?
She believed.
Listen to what she said in Joshua chapter two, verses nine through 11.
I know the Lord has given you this land, she told them.
Here's what she's telling the spies.
We are all afraid of you.
Everyone in the land is living in terror.
For we have heard how the Lord made a dry path for you through the Red Sea when you left Egypt.
And we know what you did to Zion and Og, the two Amorite kings, east of the Jordan River, whose people you completely destroyed.
No wonder our hearts have melted in fear.
No one has the courage to fight after hearing such things.
For the Lord, your God is the supreme God of the heavens above and the earth below.
She chose to believe
by the story she heard and the people of that land were fearful of God's people.
Why?
Because they heard the greatness of God.
They heard of His greatness.
Did you hear her faith though?
She said, I know the Lord has given you this land.
We know it's yours.
She said, your God is the Supreme God.
She believed before the walls fell.
She believed while she was still living inside Jericho.
She believed while she was still surrounded by darkness.
And this is what we all need to understand.
God did not wait for her to clean up her life before he responded to her faith.
And so oftentimes we live in this lie here at all the time.
I've heard it forever.
Well, I'm not good enough and I got to clean up my life and I'm going to get this right and then come to God.
You cannot do that.
You don't have the power or the ability.
You may quit smoking and think you're good, but that's not what he's talking about being cleaned up.
You cannot transform your heart.
You cannot take yourself from death to life, from darkness to light, from being lost to being born again.
only God's grace by His Spirit can do that.
And He reaches in to the most unlikely people and pulls them up and says, you know what?
I can use you.
You can serve me.
I love you.
I'll be with you.
See, He responded to her faith while she still was still in Jericho.
Because salvation is not about where you have been.
Salvation
is about what you believe.
Some people think they have to fix themselves before they come to God, but you cannot fix yourself.
You come to God and He fixes you.
Grace meets you where you are.
Grace meets you in your brokenness.
Grace meets you in your mess.
How many are messy?
How many have messy lives sometimes?
God meets us right there.
How many would you say in here, I was one of the unlikely that would ever come to Christ.
I know I meet people all the time that says, so-and-so's in church.
I can't believe it.
I never thought they would come or she would come or he would come and look at them.
They're like in the prayer team.
They're serving.
They're worshiping and it blows their mind because God is not religious.
God's grace is for all of us.
If we just accept and receive it, you can't fix yourself.
I can't fix myself.
Only God coming in.
And He meets you in your mess.
Thank God.
Because I don't know about you, but I live a messy life sometimes.
It just gets messy.
Grace meets you behind enemy walls.
Ray have asked for salvation, not just for herself, but for her family.
Joshua 2, 12, and 13.
Now swear to me, she's talking to spies.
Now swear to me by the Lord that you will be kind to me and my family since I have helped you.
Give me some guarantee that when Jericho's conquered, you will let me live.
Along with my father and mother, my brothers and sisters and all their families.
She was thinking beyond herself.
She wanted her whole family to be saved.
And the spies told her exactly what to do.
Joshua 218, and it's significant.
When we come into the land, you must leave the scarlet robe hanging from the window through which you let us down.
And all your family members, your father, mother, brothers, and all your relatives must be here inside the house, a scarlet cord.
Think about it, hanging from the window.
And when judgment came, anyone under that scarlet cord would be saved in her house.
This was not just a rope.
This was a picture.
This was pointing towards Jesus.
Think about it, because one day the blood of Jesus Christ would become the covering for our salvation.
Just like that scarlet cord marked Rahab's house, the blood of Jesus marks our house, our lives.
That's why it's so important we understand.
And when judgment comes, those who are covered by the blood are saved.
Not because you're perfect, not because
We are covered, not because we earned anything, but because grace provided salvation for whoever chooses to believe.
And when Jericho failed, Rahab was saved.
Think about this, Joshua 625.
So Joshua spared Rahab the prostitute and her relatives who were with her in the house.
Because she had hidden the spies, Joshua sent to Jericho
And she lives among the Israelites to this day.
But I want to stop here and pause for a minute.
I know there's a lot of controversy and a lot of things, and we watch some of the wrong stuff, I think, and about immigration and how it should be and how it should work.
We all know this.
Every one of us, unless you're Native American, you immigrated here.
You came from someplace.
That's why God in the Constitution talks about one nation under God, not two, not many, one.
because he took people from all over the world and said, you're gonna come and by God's providence, America was established.
And by God's providence, we have the Constitution.
I want you to hear Joshua 623.
We know Rahab saved the spies, they saved her family, but I want you to hear this.
The young spies went in and brought out Rahab, her father, mother, brothers, and all the other relatives who were with her.
They moved the whole family
to a safe place near the camp of Israel.
Now I want you to hear this.
She does what she does.
They save her family, but they don't let her in the camp.
They took her to a place near a safety, but she couldn't come in the camp.
Why couldn't she come in the camp until she was ready to honor the covenant that God did and become spiritually into their family, become Jewish, if you would?
They weren't allowing her in.
Folks, that's one of the only few times
in the Bible where God talks about a nation.
He talks about him a lot though.
He talks about he set the boundaries of nations.
Why?
So we would know who's who.
And you can come to America, but you need to become an American.
You can come to this country and you say, well, I don't agree with that.
I'm just telling you what the Bible teaches us.
You can come, but you need to assimilate into being part of us.
You need to understand and pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America.
You need to honor the Constitution.
You need to understand that.
Why?
You need to pledge allegiance because, again, there's one nation under God.
That's why it says it.
Not two, not many one.
So you can deal with all the things you can watch, all the CNN, MSNBC, all that stuff.
But what does the Bible say?
The Bible says, if you want to become part of our world, then be part of our world.
But don't you come into our world and be something totally different.
That's all he's saying.
We all have different cultures.
Thank God we're not all the same culture.
Because to me, cultures are intriguing.
I like the different aspects of different cultures.
It's not talking about that.
It says we have one common goal that we will protect our land.
We will believe in this country.
We will stand for what's right according to the Word of God.
And I only threw that in there so we could see anyone coming from outside of Israel, especially pagan nation like the Canaanites, which Rahab was, had to separate from their former identity with the Lord and His people.
This was both a spiritual and a covenant, oh man, covenantal, covenantal.
transition.
Eventually, she was brought in because of this, because she became part of them.
She was spared, but she was not just spared.
She was brought in.
She became family.
She went from outsider to insider, from rejected to redeemed.
And then the Bible tells us something that should amaze all of us.
This is really amazing if you understand the story.
Matthew 1, 5, Salmon was the father of Boaz, whose mother was Rahab.
Boaz was the father of Obed, whose mother was Ruth.
Obed was the father of Jesse, who was the father of David, and in the line of Jesus.
God takes a prostitute.
She becomes part of them, and God puts her in the lineage of Jesus.
Isn't that crazy?
And I don't know about you, but it blows me away.
See, Rahab became part of the lineage of Jesus Christ.
Think about it just for a moment.
The prostitute from Jericho became part of the family line of the Savior of the world.
Why?
Because God takes the unlikely and builds them and gives them hope and saves their life.
And this is how we should live.
There's a guy in Clovis named Wally.
He may be watching.
He usually goes to both services.
And I asked him if I could do some of this.
He said, absolutely.
He was in prison for 17 years.
I think he was called, considered one of the OGs in prison.
I think he ran one of the whole gangs.
He escaped from prison two different times.
So he's pretty interesting, crafty.
And somehow in all that he accepts Jesus as his Lord and Savior.
When he goes back into prison, they catch him.
He goes back in.
I guess all of his boys were like, come on, what are we going to do now?
What's the plan?
I guess he jumped up on a table, started yelling at him, using a lot of words, just saved.
Come on, somebody.
He was just saved.
And so he used the words, I'm not doing this blankety blank stuff.
You're not going to do this.
And he starts getting on him.
And so they were afraid of him.
So they just let him be.
He gets out of prison.
Mary's a wonderful lady named Stella.
And God blesses his life.
He owns an electric business.
He's got some great contracts.
And can I say this?
Him and his wife are two of the most generous people in this whole church.
He's so grateful for what God did to his life.
He was that unlikely guy that you don't know what everything, how could he be saved?
How could he serve God?
That's what religion says.
You know what God's people say?
You know what?
There's hope in them.
There's potential in them.
There's something we cannot see.
When the prophet went to the house of Jesse to anoint the kids, one of the sons is king.
The first one came, the oldest, sharp, big, strong.
And the prophet said, surely this is the king of Israel.
God said, nope.
We'll bring the next one.
Surely this is him.
Nope.
Goes through all of them.
And finally he's like, Jesse, do you have any more kids?
I got a teenager out there, 10 in the sheep.
He said, bring him in.
As soon as the Prophet saw him, God said, that's my man.
A kid.
And David anointed him as king, then God said something very interesting.
Man looks to the outside.
God always looks to the inside.
That's why this is so intriguing to me.
It's just how God sees people and what he does for people.
God did not just save her.
He God honored her.
God did not just rescue her, God restored her.
That is what grace does.
Grace does not just forgive your past.
I love this statement.
Grace gives you a future.
Grace does not just rescue you from something.
Grace brings you into something.
Rahab prepares us for Jesus because Jesus came for outsiders.
Jesus came for sinners.
Jesus came for broken people.
Jesus came behind enemy walls.
and his cross became our scarlet cord, his blood became our covering, his sacrifice became our salvation.
So what does this mean for us?
First, it means you are not too far gone.
If God can save Rahab, he can save you.
There is no past who broken, no life too messy, no person too far away that grace can reach further than we think.
Second, it means God uses unlikely people.
Some of you think God could never use you.
I hear it all the time.
I don't know how God could use me.
I'm not worthy enough.
Sure, you're not.
But he can make you worthy by his grace.
None of us are worthy enough.
But God specializes in using unlikely people.
He used Rahab.
He used David.
He used Peter.
He used Paul and he will use you.
He said, but Paul wrote two thirds of New Testament.
But before that, Paul killed Christians.
He separated families.
He put them in slavery.
He probably put them in the lines then to be killed.
He destroyed families.
And so no one would ever think, oh man, God's gonna save him.
He's gonna be used in a great way.
Uh-uh.
But God made him on the road to Damascus.
And said, Paul, why are you kicking against the goats, dude?
You can't win this battle.
It changed his life.
He suffered no doubt, but he made a lot of other people suffer.
But God used him in a mighty way that he's still changing lives today.
God used him if I was obedient, and he wrote what God wanted us to hear, that's why you have to believe in the Bible.
Well, I believe in parts of it, then you don't believe it at all.
You know, I go to, I love golden corral, I love Taco Bell.
I can eat at one of those places every day.
People think I'm kidding, I'm so fancy, that's my place.
And when I go to go to corral, you know, there's a big buffet.
I get the exact same thing every time, and this has been going on 10 or 15 years.
I walk in, I get the bourbon chicken.
I get mashed potatoes and gravy.
I get a piece of fried chicken.
I get green beans.
I get a roll.
And then for dessert, I get the same thing.
I get the piece of the chocolate cake and blueberry pie.
The exact same menu every time I go in there.
And you know what that's, you know, you say, why are you telling us that?
Because here's the thing.
That's how some people treat the word.
I like this, I like that.
I don't like this other style.
I don't want that.
But unless you believe the whole thing, you can't believe it at all.
Unless you believe it from Genesis to Revelation, you can't believe it, folks.
It is not a buffet to pick and choose.
Dang, that was free, too.
So if we use all of them, he'll use you.
Third, it means we must be the kind of church that makes room for the unlikely.
We are not here to build a country club of perfect people.
There's so many people I talk to who said, yeah, I go to this church, because this person goes there, that person goes there, that person goes there.
I'm like, so what?
Because they look the part.
Or they want to be, you know, rub elbows with certain kinds of people.
Can I tell you, I've rubbed elbows with every kind of person in this state.
And most of them, I don't want to ever rub an elbow again.
In fact, they start rubbing like, dude, you better back up, man.
I'm gonna grab Bubba and Guido, and we're gonna take care of this right now.
It's just a facade.
Well, I just want to be around those people.
I want to meet those people.
Guys, let me tell you something.
Or I want my family to be like them.
Be careful.
Because I know people said, man, I like my family like that.
And I'm like, no, no, no, you don't.
We won't tell them why, but just say, no, you know, you want your family to be like what God is using you and your family.
And there's no two families the same.
We all have our weirdness.
Come on.
We all have our dysfunction, and then we have our good stuff.
I mean, we may love our family, but, you know, there's those people like, oh, dang, yeah, here they come.
Here comes Uncle Bob.
He'll talk to Uncle Bob.
Bob's crazy.
But we are not to build a club for so-called perfect people.
We are here to build a place where broken people can find grace, because that
is who Jesus came for.
And finally it means salvation is found in Jesus alone.
He is our scarlet cord.
He is our covering.
He is our salvation.
Out of nowhere, grace showed up behind enemy walls.
Out of nowhere, God saved Rahab.
Out of nowhere, God brought her into his family.
And the same grace that found Rahab is still reaching for people today.
It is reaching for people who feel unqualified.
It is reaching for people who feel unworthy.
It is reaching for people who feel forgotten.
And folks, I'd be one of those kids.
When I got to say, I'd be one of those people that, why would you use him?
I was just happy to get my diploma from Clovis High School.
I felt like I put one over on him like, they gave me this like way.
But God sees what's in you.
When you come under his grace and mercy,
and you receive the gift of salvation, he can bring out what's really in you.
He can help heal all the brokenness from your life and your past.
That's what the church of the Lord Jesus Christ does.
We reach one more person, the most unlikely.
I mean, there's people in here that would never think you're in here to serve in God.
You probably looked at church years ago and said, I'll never be one of them.
And now you're one of them.
Why?
Because what God did in you, He sees you.
He sees in you.
He sees what's in, He knows the gifts and callings that are within you for you to do incredible things in your life if you want to.
But you got to believe Him.
You got to do what He asked.
You got to, when I was talking about Brother Wally, He's one of the most giving guys I know ever.
And I say, man, you're doing too much.
And He goes, no, man, what God did for me, I'm never doing too much.
You got to stay grateful.
And that's how you stay grateful.
Instead of whining and complaining to God, say, God, this is hard, but I'm grateful you saved my life.
God, this is hard, but I'm glad you believe in me when no one else believed in me.
God, I'm glad you've never rejected me like other people reject me.
You don't abandon me.
You don't disregard me.
And that's the goodness of God.
We got to stay appreciative to him because God is the God of people.
And he wants anybody.
He'll take anybody that's willing to come into his family.
And that's what we need to understand.
So it is reaching for people who feel unqualified.
It's reaching for people who feel unworthy.
It is reaching for people who feel forgotten.
Because salvation has always been wider than we think.
Grace is still saving.
Grace is still reaching.
Grace is still building God's family out of nowhere.
God will show up in your life.
Father in Jesus' name, I thank you for your words, it's truth.
Thank you for your help and our time of need.
I thank you, God, for your wisdom, your love and your direction.
And Father, I pray.
Father, when I said I like this sermon, I think it just resonates with where I've come from and how I've thought.
And God, I'm praying today with all my heart that you,
would touch people's hearts and minds in this place and let them know.
They can never become worthy enough.
They can't fix their lives.
They can't clean it up.
They just have to humble themselves and come to you and say, God, I receive Jesus as my Lord and Savior.
And then Lord, you'll go to work in them.
You'll help them.
You'll forgive them.
You'll bless them.
Because God only, you know what we can become if we truly put our life in your hands.
You're the potter and we're the clay you moved us.
It's one day at a time, one moment at a time, one step at a time.
And God, there'll be bad moments in our life.
We'll still have those where we, oh man, I shouldn't have did that.
But God, thank you for your grace and mercy that we can come and repent and get our lives right.
Ask for forgiveness.
And you'll always forgive us because you are the God of another chance.
So bless each one in here, God.
May they walk out of here.
with a different thought, a different process.
May they walk out of here thinking different than they came in in a good way.
They said, okay, God can't use me, I am somebody.
Maybe I'm one of the unlikely, maybe you're one of the perfect kind of people, but not perfect people go to heaven, save people go to heaven.
Not people who just look good, you can't be pretty and handsome and go to heaven, you must be saved.
And we all have to come the same way.
We have to humble our hearts and minds before God and say, God, come into my life.
Be Lord of my life in Jesus' name.
So if that's you and you say, preacher, pastor Steve, I walk with God, but I walked away.
I want to come home now.
I want to come home.
And you can say, well, I did all these things.
It doesn't matter what you did.
It matters what you're doing today.
And God will forgive you if you want him to.
If you ask him to, he will.
Over here and you've never asked Jesus to be Lord of your life.
Maybe you're living the lie that I belong to this church and I got, you know, Christen in this church and I got dedicated in that church.
I got confirmed in that other church and you think that's enough for salvation.
That has nothing to do with salvation.
The only thing to do with salvation is do you believe in your heart
and confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus Christ.
And some of us say, well, I've prayed that prayer.
I've been saved 30 times.
No, there's no salvation without Lordship.
The reason you say that is because you were never willing to make them Lord of your life.
So then there's no salvation.
Nothing changed.
Yeah, because you have to, salvation is a byproduct of Lordship folks.
We must ask them to be Lord of our life.
You say, what does that mean?
I don't have enough time to explain it.
And I don't know if I can explain it fully other than to say this.
He gets to lead and we follow.
We get to come to His Word and say this, what the Word says, I'm a purpose to do it.
And when we blow it, we repent to Him because we know we're accountable to Him.
That's lordship.
So with every head bowed, no one looking around just for the next moment and you say, preach, would you pray with me?
I walk with God, but I walked away.
I want to come home.
Preacher, would you pray with me?
I've never truly asked Jesus to be Lord of my life.
I believe in them, but I've never made him Lord.
If that you right will you see that in Jesus name with no hesitation, you say, God, I don't care what anybody else thinks I want you in my life.
Pastor Steve, would you include me in your prayer?
Right will you see that?
Are you ready?
I'm gonna ask you this one simple thing.
In Jesus name, if that's you, without any hesitation, would you just lift your hand all over this place and say, God, I want you in my life.
Thank you, thank you.
God bless you.
I'm just looking, God bless you, thank you.
Thank you.
God bless you.
God bless you guys.
God bless you over here.
Thank you.
God bless you.
God bless you
I won't have much fun then.
No, you'll have a lot of fun as Christians.
You just won't be hung over all the time.
You won't have a lot of regrets.
I got drunk and said this, no.
I have a lot of fun because I'm not religious.
Religious people don't have any fun.
Everything's like, oh, oh, you messed up.
You messed up like, I don't know about you.
How many would say you live in the gray sometimes?
Come on.
Oh, only me.
Well, there's a few.
Some of you weren't honest, but anyway, is there anybody else that says preacher would you include me in your prayer?
I mean, God bless you, thank you.
God bless you, I see those hands.
God bless you, I see that hand.
Thank you, God bless you.
I'm gonna look across the line, God bless you over here, I see your hand.
It's time, guys.
We just gave our lives to Jesus and I mean, it'd be exciting to see what he could do.
He changed the prostitute,
and put her in the lineage of our Lord Jesus Christ.
How incredible is that?
Think about what he could do for you.
Father, in Jesus' name you saw all the hands.
There were so many.
And Lord, you know I have fun.
We have fun.
But God, you know we're serious about this.
We're serious about people coming to you.
It doesn't matter where they come from.
We just want to know where they're going.
It doesn't matter about the past because you want to build a future.
So bless each one God in Jesus' name.
If you lifted your hand, I want you to pray this prayer aloud with me.
The Bible says, not Steve, not legacy.
The Bible says, we believe in our heart and confess with our mouth the Lord Jesus.
So I'm gonna lead you in a prayer and I'm gonna ask that you pray after me.
I have the book of Romans chapter 10, verses 9 and 10.
And I'm gonna ask everybody here that's right with God.
Would you join us in support of those folks?
So those folks know there's people who believe in what I'm doing.
And maybe you didn't lift your hand, but you should have.
You pray with us.
Let me introduce you to Jesus.
He's the only savior of the world.
Would you pray this with me church?
Would you pray God?
I choose to believe in your son Jesus.
I believe he's your only son.
And he's the only way.
And that he died for me.
And you raised him from the dead.
to give me a new life.
So according to your word, I believe that in my heart.
And now I willingly confess with my mouth, Jesus be Lord of my life.
Thank you for saving me.
I thank you now for forgiving me.
And I thank you for helping me and never leaving me nor for taking me.
Thank you God.
in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen and amen.
Let's thank the Lord.